We're gonna do an exercise and
that one is inside of I
believe great expectations.
There's some bonuses and
some other like fun stuff that you can
see if you want to see an example
of me using the various.
So here I'll create a bunch of people.
This has a uniquely generated ID.
It's like a bonus in here, but you can see
that I can either do it all one by one,
or I can be like, listen,
I want the string to start with CS dash,
and that's what my generator should do.
I don't actually care about any of
the rest of this, but they should be cool.
Or I can say it's just
a object containing list.
There is a lot of options of what you can
do here, this is kind of a fair example,
but what I wanna challenge you with is
we have got this little Redux reducer,
which will show up various other places
before as well, and its using a UUID.
So, we could just make sure that
the name is the right thing.
We have another test to make sure
that pact is the right thing for
my packing list, right?
And just kind of uniquely go and
grab each one of those properties and
make sure it is what I think it is,
however,
you would have to add an expectation for
each one, right?
One of the nice things that you could do
is you could theoretically have a test.
And again, this is walking
that fine line of clever, but
I think it's clear, where it's like,
cool, I have a copy and paste.
Some of my best tests
are I took a bug report.
Took the problematic thing,
made a failing test to make it pass, right?
I can be like, hey, here
are the properties I don't care about and
just do a spread operator and
replace those with these expect dot,
anything's or anything along those lines.
What we wanna do is we wanna get these
tests marked to do, to pass, right?
And the tricky part here is that
we wanna make sure that those
randomly generated UUIDs
are not breaking our test.
So we expect that the object to
equal that will fail, right?
Because one we don't know the ID yet.
And two is different every time so
we can't even take the results.
So we want as long as ID is a string,
that's fine.
But I do want the rest of
the things that I am and
I wanted to prefix the right way and stuff
along those lines, but the important thing
is if I add a new item to my packing list,
it says my iPhone charger I'm expecting
that the thing that got added to my
Redux store is my phone charger.
Right?
And if the rules of my application are,
it's false by default,
I'm expecting as false before
what the idea is I don't care.
Right?
And so, I would play with the asymmetric
matches in this case, and
to see what is one of the more elegant
ways that you can get this off.
And again,
this is a very simple use case, but
if I think about I'll show you some light
fixtures from the app that I work on I've got
some of these giant JSON blobs, right?
toMatchObject or saying for
the parts that can be variable time or
something along those lines to uniquely
say, I don't care about these things, but
I do care about everything else is really
powerful to having a test suite that you
can rely on.
Mark.
>> Is there any real world example
where the set timeout is used and
how to identify the anti pattern?
>> We'll do a real world one later, but
I'll just say right now toast
notifications that are supposed to vanish
from the DOM after
a certain amount of time.
Right, other banners,
a completed, anything that's,
particularly when we get to the DOM,
things that appear for
a little bit and
then vanish a loading indicator, right?
There's lots of stuff like that where
loading indicator vanishes when the thing
is done, but a toast notification, or
a banner, or some other thing like that
might appear for specifically five
seconds and then should be off the page.
That's when we have to
manipulate time a little bit to,
we don't wanna make our test wait.
Right?
Because then like one,
you got to get adjust right.
And then two, that your test is waiting,
which makes your test slow.
So at which point, we'll be like, okay,
that banner is only supposed
to be there for five seconds.
Cool, move time forward five seconds and
verify that's not there.
So there are cases particularly when we
get to the more from the user perspective
unless where we're just putting timeouts
in our like functions for funsies.
Or, if you had a function that was
supposed to call a callback, and
you wanted to verify it a unit test,
I've done it.
Right.
I have to look a lot of times where I
choose to manipulate time in
cases where I have a function
that does relative time, right?
From some specific rules and so
it does like the date, subtracted from
Date.now() to get the duration, that
means my test would change every single
time unless I purposely make that first
date exactly, so not in the future.
So, what I will use is the fake
timers in my case to freeze time or
set the system clock to a certain current
time and then put in something six
months back and say like six months ago,
and stuff along those lines.
So rarely, but it's one of those things
which is do you need it often now?
Do you need it when you need it absolutely